Update attack-simulations.md (#11801)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/attack-simulations.md

> [!NOTE]
> Simulation files or scripts mimic attack activity but are actually benign and will not harm or compromise the test device.
>

> > You can also use the EICAR test file or the EICAR test text string to perform some tests. It's possible to test real-time protection features (create a text file, paste the EICAR text and save the file as an executable file to your endpoint's local drive, you will get a notification on the test endpoint and an alert in the MDE console) or EDR protection (you need to temporarily disable real-time protection on the test endpoint and save the EICAR test file, and then try to execute, copy, or move this file). After you run your tests, enable real-time protection on the test endpoint. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can also use the EICAR test file or the EICAR test text string to perform some tests. It is possible to test real-time protection features (create a text file, paste the EICAR text, and save the file as an executable file to your endpoint's local drive—you will get a notification on the test endpoint and an alert in the MDE console) or EDR protection (you need to temporarily disable real-time protection on the test endpoint and save the EICAR test file, and then try to execute, copy, or move this file). After you run your tests, enable real-time protection on the test endpoint. 
```
